Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I can't hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hear me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is there something wrong with your volume.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have no no voice. I can't hear anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I see you, I can't hear you.
Michelle: Oh, I'm sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you are.
I'm sorry.
Michelle: I didn't even realize you were on yet.
Michelle: How are you, I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: am good. I could see you. I just couldn't hear anything and I see your mouth going. I'm like, I can't
Michelle: I was my phone. That wasn't on the screen. It was on a different screen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Michelle: I didn't even realize you were on yet. I thought I was still in the waiting room because once it like comes on it like exits me out of that screen and brings you up so
Michelle: My God, I was
Michelle: Having an argument with my my ex landlord, I guess you want to call it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Michelle: It's just petty drama BS, you know, she made an effort to put on our rent receipt today that we were two days late when my lease very clearly states that it's due by the fifth no later than the fifth and that after the next day, it would be then considered late
Michelle: And she was like, thanks for realizing your mistake. Do the math if you wanted to be math skills you're very mistaken. And I'm just like, God, then I guess it was your mistake for when you wrote out our lease because it very clearly says it's due by the fifth
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Michelle: And I was like, you're welcome again for realizing your mistake.
Michelle: And just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One thing after another.
Yeah.
Michelle: I'm just over it and I can't wait to get out of here.
Michelle: I can't wait to get out here so late. She's just super spiteful and vindictive and just any little dig or jab. And she just
Michelle: She lives with a drama. She lives through the argument. And that's, you know,
Michelle: It's really sad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's toxic. That's a toxic toxic environment for you. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What else been happening.
Michelle: Nothing really. You just been packing and just stressing on you know everything and
Michelle: Just
Michelle: You know,
Michelle: Same thing different day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any word from your dad.
Michelle: No, I haven't talked to him yet. And in a while I was going to call them later this evening and talk about you know what because
Michelle: I have to pay that $270 tears. I've already done like I've already called and Reese, you know, researched it and I have to pay that to 78
Michelle: So,
Michelle: But I don't know how I'm going to go about doing that because I don't have a debit card or credit card. So I'm either gonna have to
Michelle: give the money to my grandparents and have them pay it with their credit card, debit card or whatever or figure out a way to mail it down to Arizona to Alex his dad to see if he'll go in and pay for me and
Michelle: So that's stressful and
Michelle: And then studying to take the test, you know, as I have to take that test.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The driving test.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long has it been since you drove
Michelle: Not that long. I mean, I wasn't aware my driver's license was suspended, but
Michelle: Never gotten pulled over. I haven't gotten pulled over. Since 2014
Michelle: Wow, that's good. Yeah, and
Michelle: Before that I hadn't gotten pulled over gotten a ticket since 2012
Michelle: And I actually, I wasn't pulled over. I gotten in a car accident and they had cited me for dangerous left turn when it was, you know, that was a
Michelle: BS. They I was like 22 at the time I be so they PROFILED ME. And they made it as if it was my fault. And it wasn't
Michelle: It was making a left turn from the highway into my driveway and when I made my left turn.
Michelle: They were clear off the shoulder off this like on the side of the road off the shoulder with no lights on nothing like as if they were parked there.
Michelle: And they were older AND THEY WERE FROM STOCKTON came up to you know tourist or whatnot visit or whatnot. And when I had made my turn.
Michelle: Like I said they were clear off the shoulder with no lights on, like they didn't have their blinker on like they were merging back onto the highway or anything.
Michelle: So when I turned I am, you know, and I could see them in my peripheral other corner of my eye. And I kind of just gunned it to because I knew they were going to hit me. So I gunned it and they hit me.
Michelle: And then
Michelle: I was driving a Jeep Grand Cherokee
Michelle: And on the, on the right passenger rear rear side and when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They
Michelle: Kind of spun my Jeep around and flipped it on the side and they hit me in my driveway and the cop just
Michelle: Like I said he made it as if it was my fault and everything. And I was like, well, how can you deem it my fault. When I
Michelle: What I personally believe happened was they were trying to merge on the highway. They weren't they weren't even like on the shoulder of the road. They were off the shoulder like
Michelle: Clear off the pavement in the dirt. What I believe happened was the older gentleman had to have been like
Michelle: looking over your shoulder to try to merge that on the highway didn't have his blinker on and I feel like he just done that to try to merge onto the highway didn't realize I was mid term and hit me because
Michelle: The speed limit where he hit me is 55 miles per hour.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Michelle: Well, the officer. He lied and told the officer that I I turned in front of him. And I was like, well,
Michelle: Number one, he hit me in my driveway. How can you say that I pulled out in front of you, when you hit me in my driveway.
Michelle: And if you were on the highway doing the speed limit 55 miles an hour and I pulled out in front of you. How come there's no break like skid marks on the highway. How are you in my driveway hitting me if I pulled out in front of you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Michelle: You know what I mean, like some and they PROFILED ME AS YOU KNOW I was young and made it my fault, but not my fault.
Michelle: He didn't have lights on, like he was stopped on the side of the road. He didn't have as bleak wrong like he was merging so
Michelle: I made my turn, you know,
Michelle: Yeah, everything Mike my Jeep was total but my son and I walked away from it without a scratch on us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank God. Yeah.
Michelle: I mean, he was still in his car seat hanging in the air. You know, like, and he was taking a nap, too. So that's probably another you know because they say like drunk drivers, because they're drunken it loosens you up, they end up, walk away from car accidents.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle: I feel like my son was taking a nap. So that's probably why you know
Michelle: He was relaxed. Yeah. Yeah. Cuz they hit me just just beyond the door his, his door. It was on just the back end just just passed his doors with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. It's insane.
Michelle: That was back in 2012 yeah that was a crazy day
Michelle: We had a I was I just dropped my husband all for work and I was on my way back to meet with some people that were looking to buy our park model and we sold them to the result. The park model that day and then a couple weeks later, we moved to Arizona.
Michelle: Yeah, that was a crazy day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it sounds like it big time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what else been going on.
Michelle: Just trying to pack in just dealing with my child, my child just really testing my patience lately.
Michelle: She I'm
Michelle: Like I don't, I don't know if it's just her age and whatnot, or I I honestly feel like she's got a little bit of ADHD.
Michelle: Or something's attention.
Michelle: Something or other because, I mean, it's probably your age. I mean, it's just, I'm having I guess because my son was so much different at this age. I mean, I know, boys and girls are different, but
Michelle: I feel like she's just more like she doesn't really listen, like when I tell her know she just kind of in one ear and out the other. And still, you know, or
Michelle: naptime and bedtime is just been exhausting mentally exhausting because she just does not want to lay down and be quiet and close your eyes and she just wants to piddle fart around and
Michelle: You know, and it's just it's aggravating because I'm like
Michelle: You know, like, because clearly you know come two o'clock one o'clock. She's clearly, you know, tired and grumpy and whiny and you know you can just tell she's an app and
Michelle: She won't lay down on her own, like we took her in and say, take a nap time. You know, close your eyes go to sleep. We can't leave the room like so we have to lay there with her till she falls asleep.
Michelle: And right now I feel like
Michelle: You know, because we kind of take turns. Whoever puts her down for a nap. The other parts are down for bed.
Michelle: Well, I feel like when it comes to Dad She really doesn't want to like lay down and listen. But when it comes to me like I feel like I have less of an issue, you know,
Michelle: getting her to quiet down and sit still, they still and fall asleep.
Michelle: For us with God. It's just like a battle for him and I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your day 30 you're the authority figure to her.
Michelle: I feel like so. Yeah, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dad was over teddy bear.
The authority happy.
Michelle: It's just frustrating, you know, cuz
Michelle: I don't have time to sit there and and I mean sometimes like we go to put her bed at eight o'clock, we're in it and she doesn't fall asleep till frickin 10 3011 o'clock.
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And still some
Michelle: crack of dawn.
Michelle: Right, how I feel like she's not getting the app which the sleep that she needs you know needs to get
Michelle: You know, because I know I know kids have to have like a certain amount of sleep or whatnot, and
Michelle: Like today she didn't have enough because I had, I had to do some running around I to go pay rent or whatnot. And so, Dad. Lay down with her and you know she she wouldn't go to sleep. So, you know, four or five o'clock comes around and it's you know it's too late.
Michelle: Yeah you know and i and i and i just know come eight o'clock, nine o'clock when we go to lay her down, it's, it's going to be the same thing and then show me up at 748 o'clock in the morning, which is
Michelle: Normal. It doesn't matter if she goes to bed at 11 3010 o'clock. She's still up at the same time every morning.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that's a routine and she said she's at that age. And also, don't forget all the stress that you're under to write, you know, which plays a part in it too. And she probably feels that from you as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We'll go deeper.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, keep her awake, as well. Right. You know what I mean. Now,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a pretty intuitive.
Michelle: Yeah, I feel like she's definitely smarter than she leads on and right now.
Michelle: The stage where she's at right now. I mean, she's just picking up. I mean, she's starting to communicate a lot better. She's learning the words every day. She's saying a new word and I mean she's at that stage right now where she's just learning so much
Michelle: Yeah, I feel like, you know, and if she really does have some sort of hyperactive attention.
Michelle: Whatever you know
Because
Michelle: She'll be like, when we go to lay down either Napper bedtime. It doesn't matter. She's like, just constantly, you know, kind of like singing or talking or moving her fingers, you know, she does. The itsy bitsy spider and it's like she can't shut it off.
Michelle: You know, and then and then not. Not only that, but she just can't lay still. She's got a role and toss and you're
Michelle: Like, man, just lay still. Close your eyes.
Michelle: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, if she laid still she'd go to sleep.
Michelle: Huh, yeah. But I definitely feel like when we go outside and we take a nap or
Michelle: She definitely falls asleep faster if she's been able to go outside and play.
Michelle: But, you know, can't do that every day is when it's raining. Yeah, not an option. We just both got over the sickness and
Michelle: Not trying to get sick again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah. That wouldn't be good.
Michelle: Yeah.
No, no.
Michelle: Yeah, he was all paranoid. My grandparents are all paranoid to. Are you sure it's the gorilla values. And I'm like, No, it's just a common cold.
Michelle: Yeah, like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just read that there were like there's like 53 confirmed cases in the state of California.
Michelle: Yeah, there's more cases to coming up in in Oregon.
Michelle: Get. It's funny you mentioned that there's, um,
Michelle: You know, the local Facebook pages. You know how they
Michelle: Move stuff and whatnot. Well, our one of our local Facebook pages I guess there was a group of students that just came back from Japan and
Michelle: One of one of the someone here in the community was like complaining about how they weren't quarantined or seen by a doctor before they really released out back into the public and
Michelle: So like everyone's all in panic mode right now. Like we shouldn't have game basketball games. No, no, no games, you know, and these kids in this, and I guess it was the principal to that, you know, the these kids need to be seen by a doctor or at least quarantine for a little while and
Michelle: Just like, Well, you know, like, I mean, it doesn't matter. You know, if they just got back from Japan or, you know, because I was reading on on the news here that um
Michelle: I guess like the Seattle area, I guess. Um, it was it's been circulating for like the last month and in the Seattle area and nobody. They didn't know about it. So now more and more and more cases are popping up in the Seattle, Washington area.
Michelle: And you know everybody's all freaked out about that and i but i just, you know, I feel like if you wash your hands. You kind of try to stay away from you know populated areas or people or whatnot, then you know
Michelle: But I mean, you can't just not live your life, you can't not go to the grocery store and get your groceries, you can't not go to the doctor's office.
Michelle: But
Michelle: You know you can't not take the kids to the park because you're afraid of the coronavirus, you know, and
Yeah.
Michelle: And then there's people out there that are like, Oh, it's just a bunch of BS, you know, a hoax and whatnot. And I'm like, Well, I really don't feel like it would be a hoax or whatnot, when
Michelle: There are people that are actually sick like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Michelle: How can you say it's a hoax. When the President is talking about it on national TV.
And, you know,
Michelle: That doesn't make sense to me.
Michelle: But I mean,
Michelle: Yeah, people these days. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's almost a form of denial of what's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's easier not to believe that it's really happening and face the fact that it probably is. And then you have the people that you know have catastrophic thinking that. Oh my god.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We need to close down the world because you know the suit, you know, the of the sickness and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Reality. It's true. If we're washing our hands and we're we're being cautious, you know about it, then, you know, odds are, we're not going to get it. You know the odds are, for us, not getting it versus the odds of us getting it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: definitely so. So how have you been doing this past week.
Michelle: You know,
Michelle: All right, I just
Michelle: I just, you know, I'm just, I'm all right. I'm just stressed and I'm irritable and
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got a few weeks left before you're out of there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. So there'll be one less stress, but a few more added on. And there's no clarity at whether or not you're going to get the band. When you get the van.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have all these things that are still like lingering up in the air, which is a stressful situation for anybody.
Michelle: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, and so you're going to call your dad tonight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And confirm that you're going to get the van.
Michelle: Right, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and you're going to handle paying your fines, you can get your license. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. When do you take your test. When do you graduate.
Michelle: For the diploma.
Michelle: Well, I don't have to take a test for the diploma.
Michelle: Once I'm done with my schoolwork, then I'll, I'll be done and I won't get the actual diploma until June, but they're going to give me like a certificate that says I've completed it.
Michelle: And then the Dr. Test it. Was that what you're talking about. When do I take the DR test or the diploma.
Michelle: The diploma. Yeah, no, I don't have to take a test for that. It's just like basically like like school again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay.
Michelle: Yeah.
Michelle: Yeah, no, thank God I
Michelle: Know, I probably wouldn't even pass the GED test my math skills are terrible, terrible thing. I'm just like think thinking, God, I don't have to take a test.
Michelle: I would probably fail for sure because like I said my math skills. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah okay well they'll give you something to show that you've passed it anyways that you've completed it so that you've got prefer your dad.
Michelle: Yeah. What was that, sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I said, they'll give you something. Anyways, to show that you completed it so you can get your dad.
Michelle: Yes, yes, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She said she's gonna
Michelle: Be like a certificate or whatnot of completion and then I will get my actual Diploma in June when everybody else gets, you know,
Michelle: Their coma, like a high school and all that.
Oh, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you had an opportunity to look in the area that you're moving to for any services that you can
Michelle: Yeah I know they have Orca, which is something I'm not familiar with, but I guess it's also and an alternative like help as far as like finding a place getting into a place. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every call them.
Michelle: No, I have not. No, I'm waiting kind of more closer because I don't want to really get too involved. I mean, as I shouldn't say involved. I don't want to get too ahead of myself when we're not up there because I want to be able to be like, you know, we're in the area.
Michelle: You know, because we're not in the area.
Michelle: You know, I feel like there's only so much I can do from here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you know,
Michelle: Because they're gonna want like they're gonna want you know proof of, you know, income and, you know, they're gonna want all that kind of stuff. And we're not there yet. So I can't prove or show anything. Yeah, no, like, I can't do the interview with HUD, and unless I'm up there.
Michelle: Oh, she she says that it was my mistake to take you for a good renter
Michelle: We weren't like, you know, that's your singular opinion which is meaningless and irrelevant.
Michelle: I did.
Michelle: Please don't want to hear it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, don't I don't engage in it, just let her think whatever she wants to think say whatever she wants to say, you know what I mean, she's just trying to reel you in to get you all in and up or so that she can say, See, I told you so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But the truth is something completely different.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We don't give those type of people you know that our drama. Any time because it's just not worth it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you got enough to worry about.
You know,
Michelle: Yeah.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you been you've been feeling better, as far as getting over being sick but how's everything. How have you been doing on your Madden's everything going okay
Michelle: Right. Yes. I've been good. Good. I just got to refill yesterday. So, and I did talk to Dr. Jamison, and she said that she could more than likely do the month supply until I can figure out what exactly like what I need to do and who I need to speak to and where I need to go out there and
Michelle: But yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good.
Michelle: But she did say that you were covered, but I don't know how that would work, because I would be on Oregon State insurance.
Michelle: But
Michelle: Yeah, I don't know how Oregon and all that one how that would work. Because like I was talking to Dr. Jamison, I was being, you know, I was telling her
Michelle: I would like to stick with you because I've already you know one thing
Michelle: I just, I hate
Michelle: Talking to a new person and having to re dredge all my life, you know, and in trauma and I hate it. Right, absolutely hate it, just having a regional backup and to another person to judge me and another person, you know, I just, I hate it. And I don't want to do it.
Michelle: And more than likely, knowing myself. I won't
Michelle: Won't do it you know and I, but I would you know if it is possible, I would like to, you know, stick with you. And even if you know
Michelle: Even if it was just, you know, the, you know, just just talking and you know like how you know what we do, you know, if I can find a way to get the medication, you know, through somebody else or whatever and just stick with you.
Michelle: As far as counseling and therapy goes, I would much rather do that because I don't like I said, I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I know that when you get there you have to you'll be on Oregon Health Plan and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that you have to ask them arm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to get the authorization from them to be able to work with bright heart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let them know that you know the the counseling that you are seeing it bright heart is certified in the state of Oregon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At the highest level.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And see if they won't authorize you you know because of the circumstance and the move and everything to be able to continue services until we get completely certified in Oregon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm certified in Oregon but bright heart doesn't have a isn't a preferred provider yet in Oregon. I know it's in the works.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I have somebody else that's actually working with Oregon Health Plan and go be to get that same authorization to be able to work with bright heart on to be able to continue to see me so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just got to talk to them when you go apply and let them know
Michelle: Okay, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But as long as you're covered in on you know your medical on what you have now you know that it's good. So, you know, until one state stops and one state starts, you know, you can have a completely in the works. So
Michelle: Would it be possible to just see you as a therapist is a counselor or does because it would break your heart not allow that, like, do I have been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you have to go through the company that I work for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense. Yeah, I don't have a private practice and for that to happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's completely unethical and completely illegal for me to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that without authorization from your insurance company to work with Bret Hart.
Michelle: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just know when you go in there and you fill out your paperwork for Oregon Health Plan. Just let them know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See what it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that you have to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I have practice in Oregon. Before I lived there for 20 years all my most of my certifications are in Oregon. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It shouldn't be that hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you still engaging in that toxic conversation.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just
Michelle: I just, I feel like
Michelle: You know, when she was here that day and she was huffing and puffing and saying all of what she was saying and whatnot and her little digs and her little jabs. And you know, when you're in the moment. Me personally, as my you know what I how I react and how I handle things like it's like
Michelle: After it's all said and done, it's like you get that I should have said this, I, I should have said that, you know, I should have said you know I shouldn't have done this, I shouldn't have done that. And I feel like
Michelle: There's so much I want to say to this lady and I know it would be meaningless to her and I know it wouldn't even like
Michelle: You know,
Michelle: Get anything, you know, in just
Michelle: For someone I just, you know, for someone like her to just sit there and like try to be like, Well, you know, we were friends. You know, like, I mean, I was talking to my actual friend, you know, the other night about it a little bit and
Michelle: You know she she made the point is, like, you know, if we were actually really if even if we were friends. You know, like
Michelle: Instead of just
Michelle: Giving us the eviction or whatever, you know, for you know she didn't talk to me, you know, as, as a real friend, you know, would and and should, you know, talk to somebody about, you know, what's wrong. And what's
Michelle: What's going on, and you know I that's, you know, a real fun you know talks to you, you know, this is bothering you know someone said this about you, someone, you know, regardless of what or he were whatever, you know, but to sit there and call yourself a friend.
Michelle: I just feel like
Michelle: How can you sit there and call yourself a friend when
Michelle: She didn't act like a friend. She certainly wasn't a friend when she gave me a 90 day eviction for some lies that her other friends that live here. You know, you know, like I just
Michelle: It blows my mind. It literally blows my mind how people, the thought process of people and what they, how they think and why they think the things. And the way that they do and
Michelle: I just
Michelle: it frustrates me to it just, it really frustrates me because I mean, you know, if I, if it was the other way around.
Michelle: You know, like I would have been like, you know, number two, said you were blessed me and music at six in the morning and I know that, ain't you, I know you would never lost your music. I know you're not even up at six in the morning.
Michelle: You know, or, or, you know, number one, said you had creepy people come in and go in and you know I just
As
Michelle: I just, you know, it blows my mind like who are you to judge who's creepy you know and and it's none of your business. You know, like
Michelle: You know, I wasn't like on the phone with Christian, as my friend living for the gossip to be like you know number ones ex husband came around here the other day and they were out there screaming, yelling at each other about
Michelle: Him being on meth and she didn't want the kids around him because he might be on meth and if he wants that visitation with his kids and he better go get a drug test and prove that he's not on that.
You know, and
Michelle: You know, and, and number two, when her
Michelle: When he one weekend boyfriend was was being in and the whole neighborhood could hear it like it was a fucking porno being blasted through the neighborhood. You know, I mean,
Michelle: I just like you know as a friend. You know, I just like that. That just that triggers me but you know like
Michelle: It triggers me because like for me as a person. I feel like when I am a friend and I. And you know, I look at you like you are my friend and I tell you, you are my friend I act like a fucking front. You know what I mean.
Michelle: It just really, it hurts. You know, there can you sit there and call yourself a friend and then
Michelle: Completely change.
Michelle: You know, like
Michelle: It hurts, you know, and I feel like
Michelle: And when he likes Christian, you know, our landlord specifically you know I
Michelle: I knew from the very first moment I met her. I knew and i and i told Alex where we're going to have problems. They told him you know because
Michelle: You could just tell by people, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When
Michelle: When they interact with you and how they treat other people
Michelle: And I don't know how to how you call it what you like. How to call it or whatnot, but like
Michelle: When you sit there and you live. I mean like when we first met them. They were super, super nice super cool, super chill and accommodating and
Michelle: It was like
Michelle: I mean, because there was a bunch of when they, when they bought the property that we were living in and we were having issues with the neighbor means the lady was crazy. Like, literally, by definition, she was not like
Michelle: I'm 5150 like
Michelle: She just wasn't all there upstairs. She was mentally and I don't know if it was just her as a person, or if it was like years of drug abuse like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me, you know, because
Michelle: From experience of my mother, like my mother is severely like mentally like not right upstairs because of the years of drug abuse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of men and
You know,
Michelle: But it was like that's not yours. I feel like the only, like, the reason she called me a friend, because I would sit there with her and her you know just gossip about the drama that was going on over there because we weren't there anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Michelle: You know, I feel like that's the only reason why she called me a friend because other than that, like we never hung out. We never like had coffee together or
Michelle: You know, it was just, it was strictly a relationship of like listening to her gossip, you know, and, and I'm not like that. I don't like to sit around and gossip and talk shit about people and put people down because
Michelle: My feels people do that to me.
Michelle: Oh, and when it comes to me it's, there's no in between, you either hate me or you love me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's no in between.
Michelle: Because that's just my personality and me as a person.
Michelle: You know, and I don't judge people. I don't care how you dress. I'm not, like, I don't care. You know, I'm not, I'm not like
Michelle: Who are you tweeting like that. Like, I don't give a shit.
Michelle: Like you can use G for it. And I mean, you know, I've been on both sides. I've had money. I've had nice cars I've had that life, you know, of like being able to go out and buy whatever you want. And I found at the very bottom homeless living in a tent.
Michelle: You know, like I've been on both sides of the fence.
Michelle: You know and and how I grew up as well. You know, just
Michelle: I you know I don't judge people off of the clothes they wear or, you know, the way that they, you know, have their nails done, or you know their hair done or whatever and
Michelle: I honestly feel like
Michelle: When I stopped associating with her because I just stopped. Like, it was like you know i i wasn't into it. I didn't like centered around and talking about
Michelle: People and putting them down and stuff like that. So I just stopped talking to her, and when she comes, and she'd stand outside and we'd smoke a cigarette and just talk or whatever. I wouldn't answer my door anymore. So I feel like after that is when she like
Michelle: completely changed her demeanor and everything you know and and when number two moved in, because
Michelle: When they were fixing up the place that we live.
Michelle: She um she didn't go out of her way to, like, change the cup. The, the countertops, to the phone granite counter you know she didn't she didn't like zippy it up, you know, like when when number two before. Number two, moved in.
Michelle: I mean, it's like, I don't care about that kind of stuff, you know, but I mean there are people out there that care about that kind of
Michelle: Stuff and when they were fixing number Two's place up just before she moved in. I mean, they completely like changed it like they put in the granite countertops, they put in the
Michelle: Nicer hardwood flooring, they put in more expensive nicer carpet for her. I mean, the vanity mirror in the bathroom is like all you know fancy, fancy. I mean, like they cater to her and her
Michelle: I don't know what you want to call it like her.
Michelle: Just
Michelle: It's hard to i don't i don't know how the word I'm looking for how to explain it or whatever. But they they literally catered to her like lifestyle of, you know, the finer things the nice
Michelle: Thing. Whereas when they were fixing up our place, they didn't do that and and when they were fixing her place up
Michelle: I did. I had made a comment about how late you know you're going awful extra to
Michelle: Fix this place up like much differently than ours. And number one and
Michelle: I just feel like that. Like that's that was that was odd to me and in and I had made that comment to her about how that was odd and why they didn't, you know, like, why wouldn't you do that to all the units you know like
Michelle: And I just
Michelle: I don't know exactly where I was going with this. But, you know, like I said, I just, I
Michelle: It blows my mind. The way the way people are and how they think and
Michelle: And how they treat people and I just feel like it's wrong. Like, I personally honestly really would just love to get a piece of property out in the middle of nowhere and just
Michelle: I hate being around people like people are so rude. And so judgmental and I feel like
Michelle: We're all human like we all are human. And I feel like nobody has any room to judge anybody you know and that and that way you know like as far as like your clothes or, you know, the car you drive or whatever. You know what I mean like I just feel like
Michelle: How can you judge people based on like their clothes or, you know, or whether you got teeth missing or whatever, you know, I just
Yeah.
Michelle: It really hurts me. It hurts me. It hurts my feelings, because I know I'm a good person. I know I'm a good person and
Michelle: I know
Michelle: You know, in my heart of hearts, you know, my conscience IS CLEAR LAKE. I did nothing wrong literally did nothing wrong 100% I did not have
Michelle: I don't have creepy random people coming and going all day long. Nobody comes to my house, you know, and, and for her to sit there and call my dad creepy because he came on his Harley and he's got his do rag on and his leather jacket. Miss chaps, and he's a biker guy like I just feel like
Michelle: Like, wow, you know, it just, I
Michelle: Don't know.
It really well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is this the first time, these two apartment areas. This is the first time that they've had property that they've owned or tried to run and manage
Michelle: I don't think so. I don't know, though I know they moved up here from like the Modesto area or something like that. And I don't know if they had properties down here or whatnot, but
Michelle: I mean, you know, and that blows my mind to because the person that was living here before us, literally trash the place I mean he threw a shovel through the front window here and I mean there were haul holes all over the place. I mean, like that's we've been here for over a year like
Michelle: There's a whole right there. There's a whole right there. And there's a whole up in her bedroom where the door not. I mean, where the door knob, you know, hit the wall.
Michelle: And it's like a perfect friggin square where clearly they have replaced it and repaired it before we moved in, you know, and, and my dad even said the same thing like
Michelle: We didn't trash this place. It's not trashed. I just
Michelle: You know, and for her to, like, you know, I'm just took you for a good renter, but I mean I could show you text messages from
Michelle: Eight months ago about how you know we're the best renters, you know, world landlords dream and it's just like a complete one at Lake
Michelle: You know, and you know, rent is my rent was paid on time every, every month, like
Michelle: We never had any complaints at all until she moved in next door here and
Michelle: Her i mean i just help you know as a friend. How can you sit there and believe somebody lies.
Michelle: I mean, because those were the only two complaints that I was blasting my music one day at six in the morning complete fabricated lie, I'm not even up at six in the morning, let alone blasting will use a six in the morning and the creepy people and
Michelle: Like, I mean, I mean like, you know, like, you know, there's nobody that comes to my house, you know, nobody comes to my house. So how are you going to sit there and believe lies and then try to say that I'm not a good renter, like I'm not, you know, like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that it's you know that it's hurtful. But here's the thing is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, a lot of times, other people's perceptions of what being a friend means has different meaning than what we think it does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what your belief system is and how you believe your friend is or even a good landlord because a good landlord, you know, would take the complaint.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And start monitoring and watching to see what they were talking about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and if that wasn't, you know, something that they saw that it would, you know, be thrown away. It wouldn't be just on a judgmental stance taking what other people say, and using that to evict you it just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It shouldn't work that way. But, you know, based off of what you've told me she does, which tells you about her character.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right easily swayed she likes drama and you really don't have room in your life for that type of person. Anyways,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Michelle: Oh yeah. Well, like I said, I quit. I quit. Like I quit answering my daughter when she come over stand outside and smoke cigarettes and
Michelle: Listen to her gossip about what's going on over there on Fifth street or you know what's going on where like, I just don't want you want to hear it because like I said, I'm just not that kind of person.
Michelle: I don't like
Michelle: Around and putting people down. No, I don't. I don't like that. I don't do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not me. Just, just remember that you don't have time for that kind of stuff. And, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that's not the person that you want in your life. Anyways, you know what I mean. And I know that it hurts. It hurts to be judged by people but you know i know that our society today is a judgmental society.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, we have to do the best that we can. And live within it, and I agree. Give me a piece of property in the middle of nowhere, where I have no neighbors, and I'll be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, for the same exact reason because you know i i have my own life. I like to do things my own way and you know other people might not agree with it and that's okay with me, but you just got to get to a point that her opinion.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's not true. Right. And although it's her it's it is hurtful because of bashes out at your character and you know you're a good person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And and knowing that piece. Knowing basically your side of the street is clean. This is all on her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And she's going to have, you know, there's gonna come a point where she's going to have a rude awakening where you know these things that she's based her decisions off of are going to be minimal compared to what she's got left to deal with with other people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, it would have been easier just put it out on your door and say hey if you're up at 6am don't play music or you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be easier to do that, to do that, but for some reason she's chosen to go this whole extreme route which is okay. That's her you know as the landlord or the owner or whatever. That's her right to do that, whatever, but don't engage in the banter back and forth because you're already hurt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's just going to compact it. You know what I mean, it's just going to make it worse. You want to walk out of there at the end of the month with grace.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Knowing that you you know did not engaged in the drama YOU LET HER OWN IT YOU LET HER. Keep it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just stay completely out of it. You know what I mean. And just know that the minute that you meet somebody like her. And those red flags go off. Do what you did descent yourself because they're not worth being in your lap.
Michelle: I need to do that more. I really do. Because like I don't like confrontation really unless it's brought like you know like when she was like here in my face saying what you know I held my tongue, the best that I could for the sector, you know, and being
Michelle: Hey,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Look,
Michelle: You know, I didn't, I didn't want to, you know, like I was telling all its I should have just kept my mouth completely shut and not set a thing and just let her making you know make an ass out of herself and, you know,
Michelle: And I wish I would have done that because you know with with people like that you really you really, you're not going to get anywhere.
Michelle: Not gonna get anywhere. It doesn't matter what you say how you say it.
Michelle: When you say it, you're not going to get anywhere. It's just going to be a repetitive never ending circle.
Michelle: You know, keep going back and forth, you know, and that is the type of person that she is, you know, just
Michelle: Any kind of petty dig she can make she's going to do, she's she
Michelle: You know, and
Michelle: I need to do that more, you know, I feel like I just need to just, you know, but but me on another on another part of me. I'm that type of person that like when something is wrong or unjust. You know, I have to
Michelle: And I need. I just need to just not do that and just walk away and keep my mouth shut, but that's that's really hard for me because something isn't right, or unjust. I have a really hard time of just keeping my mouth shut, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've probably been frightened for your space for, you know, a long time.
Michelle: Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, but when it comes to to this kind of stuff where you've got to be there for a couple more weeks, make your life easier. This isn't about making her life easier. This is about making your life easier.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Making the transition in the move as easily as you possibly can. And that's not engaging and, you know, in the drama. You know the truth. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And that's the most important thing you don't have anything to defend to anybody. The inspector came in. He's already you know made his you know report clearly, you know, and so you've got that behind you to, you know,
Michelle: Yeah, I don't know if it's legal or not. But my dad was like, and I'd love to do it this way. But my dad was like, you know, like just he's gonna like thinking about just showing up at like 910 o'clock at night and just loading everything up in the U Haul and just be gone.
Michelle: I mean, I don't know if that's legal or whatnot, it probably. I mean, I don't see why it wouldn't be I feel like, because that's what I want to do. I don't even want to look at her. I don't want to see her. I don't want to say, I just, I just want to be gone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Michelle: You know what I mean, like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't play, man.
Michelle: You know, because I it's just, you know, with my dad here. I don't think that's going to be a pretty, it's not going to be a good situation because my dad's a lot like I am, as far as like
Michelle: Not being able to like
Michelle: Hold your tongue, you know when someone thinks that's not right or you know
Michelle: defaming my character, you know, or in any way, shape, or form. You know my dad, my dad's a lot a lot like me. And that way, like where, you know, you have to
Michelle: At least have to try to make it right. You know, or you know whatever because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here's the thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't, you don't have anything to make right
Michelle: Right. Well, I mean, you know, in a perfect world, you know, if I really wanted to, you know, when she after she made her text about how the mistake of me being a good renter, I want to, you know, I really want to be like, and I really, really want to text. Check back and just be
Sure.
Michelle: That your opinion which is irrelevant and meaningless, but
Michelle: You know, I just
Michelle: I know it's not going to get anywhere. I know it's
Michelle: Not going to mean anything to her or change your mind or change anything. And, you know, because
Michelle: And I'm sure she'll come back with some other kind of vindictive dig or whatever because that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Michelle: She does. You know, like when I told her about the mistakes. She made on their rent receipt, like after you know I told her you know
Michelle: That's what she came back with she had nothing else to say. But, well, my mistake was for you taking you for a good run term. You know, like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I, you know, if I were in your position. I think my text back to her would be please stop texting me
Well,
Michelle: I don't, she'll text back and I haven't responded. I haven't responded and i don't i'm not going to
Michelle: And
Michelle: I don't show text back, I highly doubt it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But yeah, you don't. Again, you don't need it. It's her stuff. This isn't yours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But the more you engage in it, your side, you know, your side of the fence starts getting dirty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't want that. You want to keep it as clean as possible. You want to be able to get your stuff out of there. And there's nothing wrong with you, moving out at night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your rents paid till the end of the month period. You know what I mean. You get to do you and you can have people come to your home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. That's it. You're allowed that you're home. You're allowed to have company, whether
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your dad and your dad's on a bike and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Using leathers and a do rag. That is somebody else's opinion and they're judgmental, you know, stance. The truth is far from it.
Michelle: I don't, I mean right well that day when she said that I I told her that I because I asked her, I go, so we're not allowed to have Gaston. And she was like, I didn't say that. And I was like, well, you kind of art.
Michelle: Because if number one complains again about a creepy guy coming over. You're going to be here at my door with an eviction notice because she street out said one more complete and you're out of here.
Michelle: And we never got another complaint, she never came by and said, hey, number one, said you had another creepy person come by. She just was here on the first of the year. Here's your eviction
Michelle: You know cuz
Michelle: I told I told I did. I told her that. Who are you to judge and who is she to judge who's creepy and who's not.
Right, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's, you know, there's no disputing the fact that it's an unfair situation, but it's an unfair situation at this point that you don't have any control over and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, if you can distance yourself from it and just focus on your move and focus on the things of in front of you that you need to do, you will find the peace in that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you leave there and you leave with no, you know, with no drama and no bantering back and forth, you're leaving there knowing you did the best that you could
Michelle: Write
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and that's what's most important.
Michelle: And again, that's what we're gonna do. We're just gonna leave the place unlocked. I'm going to leave the key because that's good. I'm sure that's going to be a huge argument because Alex lost his key.
Michelle: To the house and I've got my key, but I feel like that's what we're gonna do. We're just going to leave the key right here on the window seal and we're going to be gone.
Michelle: Because I don't, I don't want to be here and I don't want to see your speaker ever again.
Michelle: I really don't. I don't.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know by rights. You don't have to, you know, the minute you're out of that apartment. You don't have to, you know, um, it's over. You don't ever have to worry about her again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So listen, my next person is already here. So I have to go. So next week we'll meet at three o'clock or normal time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you're on my schedule. Okay. Okay, and just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just step step back and don't engage in any of the stuff
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just keep yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: free and clear of the drama, you know,
Michelle: Right. I think I'm actually going to block her so I don't even get a text message to even like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Myself.
Michelle: Apply right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That would be a good idea because I get the defensiveness, and I get why you you know why.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your personality and why it's easy. I'm the same exact
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Way, but I know that when we don't have anything to defend
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's useless, nothing's going to change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's time to walk away.
Michelle: Yeah, it's not gonna change anything. And like I you know I know, I know her, I know her tight, she'll just come back with another vindictive dig and it'll be just repetitive never ending
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, and you'll get hurt more. And you want to avoid that.
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're right. Yeah. Okay, so no engaging
Michelle: No need. You know, I'm not going to know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay. And you're going to have a great week.
Michelle: I hope so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and I will see you next Thursday at three o'clock. Okay, thank you. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, hang tough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alrighty. Okay. Hi, Michelle.
Bye.